Add CIDR and User Agent processors (#4585)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax.md

| `==`, `!=`           | Equality operators       | No                   | `/status == 200`<br>`/status_code==200`                        |                                       |
| `and`, `or`, `not`   | Conditional operators    | Yes                  | `/a<300 and /b>200`                                            | `/b<300and/b>200`                     |
| `,`                  | Set value delimiter      | No                   | `/a in {200, 202}`<br>`/a in {200,202}`<br>`/a in {200 , 202}` | `/a in {200,}`                        |

## Functions

Data Prepper supports the following built-in functions that can be used in an expression.

### `length()`

> The `length()` function takes one argument of the JSON pointer type and returns the length of the value passed. For example, `length(/message)` returns a length of `10`, when a key message exists in the event and has a value of `1234567890`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `length()` function takes one argument of the JSON pointer type and returns the length of the value passed. For example, `length(/message)` returns a length of `10` when a key message exists in the event and has a value of `1234567890`.
```

### `hasTags()`

> The `hastags()` function takes one or more string type arguments and returns `true` if all the arguments passed are present in an event's tags. When an argument does not exist in the event's tags, the function returns `false`. For example, if you use the express `hasTags("tag1")` and the event contains `tag1`, Data Prepper returns `true`. If you use the same expression but the event also contains  `tag4` tag, Data Prepper returns `false`.

Reviewer 2: > If you use the same expression but the event **also** contains `tag4` tag, Data Prepper returns `false`.

Do you mean the event contains both `tag1` and `tag4`? 
If that's the case, `hasTags("tag1")` still returns `true`. `hasTags("tag4")` or `hasTags("tag1", "tag4")` also returns true. But `hasTags("tag2")` or `hasTags("tag1", "tag2")` would return false.

> The `hastags()` function takes one or more string type arguments and returns `true` if all the arguments passed are present in an event's tags. When an argument does not exist in the event's tags, the function returns `false`. For example, if you use the expression `hasTags("tag1")` and the event contains `tag1`, Data Prepper returns `true`. If you use the expression `hasTags("tag2")` and the event but the event only contains a `tag1` tag, Data Prepper returns `false`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `hastags()` function takes one or more string type arguments and returns `true` if all the arguments passed are present in an event's tags. When an argument does not exist in the event's tags, the function returns `false`. For example, if you use the expression `hasTags("tag1")` and the event contains `tag1`, Data Prepper returns `true`. If you use the expression `hasTags("tag2")` but the event only contains a `tag1` tag, Data Prepper returns `false`.
```

> The `hastags()` function takes one or more string type arguments and returns `true` if all the arguments passed are present in an event's tags. When an argument does not exist in the event's tags, the function returns `false`. For example, if you use the expression `hasTags("tag1")` and the event contains `tag1`, Data Prepper returns `true`. If you use the expression `hasTags("tag2")` and the event but the event only contains a `tag1` tag, Data Prepper returns `false`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `hastags()` function takes one or more string-type arguments and returns `true` if all the passed arguments are present in an event's tags. When an argument does not exist in the event's tags, the function returns `false`. For example, if you use the expression `hasTags("tag1")` and the event contains `tag1`, Data Prepper returns `true`. If you use the expression `hasTags("tag2")` and the event, and only the event, contains a `tag1` tag, Data Prepper returns `false`.
```

### `getMetadata()`

> The `getMetadata()` function takes one literal string argument to look up specific keys in a an event's metadata. If the key contains a `/`, then the function looks up the metadata recursively. When passed, the expression returns the value corresponding to the key. The value returned can be any type. For example, if the metadata contains `{"key1": "value2", "key2": 10}`, then the function, `getMetadata("key1")`, returns `value2`. The function, `getMetadata("key2")`, returns 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `getMetadata()` function takes one literal string argument to look up specific keys in a an event's metadata. If the key contains a `/`, then the function looks up the metadata recursively. When passed, the expression returns the value corresponding to the key. The value returned can be of any type. For example, if the metadata contains `{"key1": "value2", "key2": 10}`, then the function, `getMetadata("key1")`, returns `value2`. The function, `getMetadata("key2")`, returns 10.
```

### `contains()`

> The `contains()` function takes two string arguments and looks to see if either a literal string or a JSON pointer is contained within an event. When the second argument contains a substring of the first argument, such as `contains("abcde", "abcd")`, the function returns `true`. If the second argument does not contain any substrings, such as `contains("abcde", "xyz")`, it returns `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `contains()` function takes two string arguments and determines whether either a literal string or a JSON pointer is contained within an event. When the second argument contains a substring of the first argument, such as `contains("abcde", "abcd")`, the function returns `true`. If the second argument does not contain any substrings, such as `contains("abcde", "xyz")`, it returns `false`.
```

> The `contains()` function takes two string arguments and looks to see if either a literal string or a JSON pointer is contained within an event. When the second argument contains a substring of the first argument, such as `contains("abcde", "abcd")`, the function returns `true`. If the second argument does not contain any substrings, such as `contains("abcde", "xyz")`, returns `false`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `contains()` function takes two string arguments and looks to see if either a literal string or a JSON pointer is contained within an event. When the second argument contains a substring of the first argument, such as `contains("abcde", "abcd")`, the function returns `true`. If the second argument does not contain any substrings, such as `contains("abcde", "xyz")`, it returns `false`.
```

### `cidrContains()`

> The `cidrContains()` function takes two or more arguments. The first argument is a JSON pointer which represents the key to the an IP address to check. It supports both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses. Every subsequent argument after the key is string type that represents CIDR blocks to check against.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `cidrContains()` function takes two or more arguments. The first argument is a JSON pointer, which represents the key to the IP address that is checked. It supports both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses. Every argument that comes after the key is a string type that represents CIDR blocks that are checked against.
```

> If the IP address in the first argument is in the range of any of the given CIDR blocks, the function returns `true`. If the IP address is not in range of the CIDR blocks, the function returns false. For example, `cidrContains(/sourceIp,"192.0.2.0/24","10.0.1.0/16")` will returns as `true` if the `sourceIp` field indicated in the JSON pointed has a value of `192.0.2.5`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the IP address in the first argument is in the range of any of the given CIDR blocks, the function returns `true`. If the IP address is not in the range of the CIDR blocks, the function returns false. For example, `cidrContains(/sourceIp,"192.0.2.0/24","10.0.1.0/16")` will return `true` if the `sourceIp` field indicated in the JSON pointer has a value of `192.0.2.5`.
```

> If the IP address in the first argument is in the range of any of the given CIDR blocks, the function returns `true`. If the IP address is not in the range of the CIDR blocks, the function returns false. For example, `cidrContains(/sourceIp,"192.0.2.0/24","10.0.1.0/16")` will return `true` if the `sourceIp` field indicated in the JSON pointer has a value of `192.0.2.5`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the IP address in the first argument is in the range of any of the given CIDR blocks, the function returns `true`. If the IP address is not in the range of the CIDR blocks, the function returns `false`. For example, `cidrContains(/sourceIp,"192.0.2.0/24","10.0.1.0/16")` will return `true` if the `sourceIp` field indicated in the JSON pointer has a value of `192.0.2.5`.
```
